language.code=io
language.name=Ido
language.region=Mondo
mco.backup.button.upload=Kargar mondo
mco.backup.changes.tooltip=Chanji
mco.backup.generate.world=Genitas mondo
mco.brokenworld.download=Deskargar
mco.brokenworld.downloaded=Deskargita
mco.brokenworld.play=Ludar
mco.buy.realms.buy=Me deziras un!
mco.buy.realms.title=Komprar Realm
mco.configure.world.buttons.close=Klozar Realm
mco.configure.world.buttons.delete=Efacar
mco.configure.world.buttons.edit=Ajusti
mco.configure.world.buttons.invite=Invitar ludanto
mco.configure.world.buttons.open=Apertar Realm
mco.configure.world.buttons.players=Ludanti
mco.configure.world.buttons.settings=Ajusti
mco.configure.world.closing=Klozas la Realm...
mco.configure.world.delete.button=Efacar Realm
mco.configure.world.edit.slot.name=Mondo-nomo
mco.configure.world.invite.profile.name=Nomo
mco.configure.world.location=Loko
mco.configure.world.name=Nomo di Realm
mco.configure.world.opening=Apertas la Realm...
mco.configure.world.players.title=Ludanti
mco.configure.world.settings.title=Ajusti
mco.configure.world.slot=Mondo %s
mco.configure.world.slot.empty=Vakua
mco.configure.world.subscription.day=dio
mco.configure.world.subscription.days=dii
mco.configure.world.subscription.month=monato
mco.configure.world.subscription.months=monati
mco.configure.world.switch.slot=Krear mondo
mco.configure.worlds.title=Mondi
mco.create.world=Krear
mco.create.world.error=Vu mustas skribar nomo!
mco.create.world.location.title=Loki
mco.create.world.reset.title=Kreas mondo...
mco.create.world.seed=Semino (neobligata)
mco.create.world.wait=Kreas la Realm...
mco.minigame.world.noSelection=Volunte selektez
mco.reset.world.generate=Mondo nova
mco.reset.world.upload=Kargar mondo
mco.selectServer.buy=Komprar Realm!
mco.selectServer.close=Klozar
mco.selectServer.closed=Realm klozita
mco.selectServer.closeserver=Klozar Realm
mco.selectServer.create=Krear Realm
mco.selectServer.info=Quo esas Realms?
mco.selectServer.leave=Livar Realm
mco.selectServer.locked=Realm klefagita
mco.selectServer.open=Realm apertita
mco.selectServer.openserver=Apertar Realm
mco.selectServer.play=Ludar
mco.selectServer.uninitialized=Kliktar por krear Realm!
mco.template.button.select=Selektar
mco.terms.buttons.agree=Aceptar
mco.terms.buttons.disagree=Ne aceptar
mco.trial.title=Krear Realm
mco.upload.button.name=Kargar
mco.upload.select.world.title=Kargar mondo
mco.upload.size.failure.line1='%s' esas tro granda!
